Note: this file is only for test. Welcome Bonus
Promotion period
November 17, 2022, 12:00 AM – January 15, 2023, 11:59 PM ET (hereafter referred as 「Promotion Period」).
The Bonus
Account Opening Bonus
New abc users who open a abc Financial Inc. brokerage account during the Promotion Period will receive a chance to draw a free stock worth between $3 and $2,000
Open account & Get a free stock valued up to $2,000 >>
Deposit Bonus
Complete a net deposit of $100 during the Promotion Period, and you will receive 4 draws for a free stock worth between $3 and $2,000. After receiving your free stocks, you'll need to maintain your 
average assets of $100 or more for 60 days to unlock the stocks ("Assets" includes cash and securities positions).
Complete a net deposit of $1,000 during the Promotion Period, and you will receive 10 draws for a free stock worth between $3 and $2,000. After receiving your free stocks, you need to maintain your average assets of $1,000 or more for 60 days to unlock the stocks.
* Please make deposits via ACH or wire transfer. You will not receive the deposit bonus if you use any other channels.
* Net deposit = total deposit - total withdraw
Account Opening bonus is only valid for US residents with a valid Social Security Number (SSN), who are at least 18 years old and do not already have a abc US brokerage account.
Deposit bonus offer is available only to clients who have not made a deposit before the start of this promotion. Offer is only valid for US residents with a valid SSN who are at least 18 years old.
Any account opening and deposit bonuses will only be awarded to all participants with an active brokerage account. We will NOT be able to award any bonuses to participants who no longer have brokerage accounts with abc Financial Inc.
How do we calculate your average assets
Your average daily assets will be calculated beginning the day after you draw your free stock.  
For example, if draw your free stock on August 1, the average assets, for purposes of this promotion, will be calculated from August 2.
September 31：$1,000
60-days average assets = $(200+300+500+……+1,000)/60
FAQS
1. How can I get free stocks?
Step 1: Open a abc account via a abc sign-up link or on the abc app.
Step 2: Open a brokerage account with abc Financial Inc. through the abc app and once your account is approved, you will get a chance to draw for one free stock worth between $3 and $2,000.
Step 3: Complete a net deposit of $100 during the promotion period Then you will get 4 chances to draw for a free stock worth between $3 - $2,000. After drawing your free stocks, you need to maintain an average asset balance of $100 or more for 60 days to unlock the stocks.
Step 4: Complete a net deposit of $1,000 during the promotion period. Then, you will get 10 chances to draw for a free stock worth between $3 - $2,000 each. After drawing free stocks, you will need to maintain an average asset balance of $1,000 or more for 60 days to unlock the stocks.
2. How to claim my free stock rewards?
Once you meet the promotion criteria, we'll send you an in-app notification. Then you can go to the "Welcome Bonus" page on the abc app and tap the "Draw" button on the page to claim your rewards (You can go to the event page via "Me" - "Promotions" - "Welcome Bonus". If you didn't receive the in-app notification or any chance to draw within five business days after you met the promotion criteria, please do not hesitate to contact our customer service staff);
Tap "Draw" to draw a free stock. If you have multiple chances, you can continue to draw until you use them up;
After you successfully draw your free stock, we will add it to your positions within five business days. You can check it at the bottom of the "Brokerage Account" page in "Trade".
3. How do abc choose your free stock in a draw?
Your free stock is chosen randomly according to a specific probability distribution, so you may not receive the same stock others.
The probability distribution is as follows:
There is approximately an 95% chance of getting a share of stock worth $3-$9.99, a 4.9% chance of getting a share of stock worth $10-$99.9, and a 0.1% chance of getting a share of stock worth $100 or more.
*Probability may vary with stock price fluctuations. abc Financial Inc. reserves the right to adjust the incentive program parameters at its discretion.
4. When can I receive my free stock?
After you successfully draw your free stock, we will add a "Pending" stock to your positions within five business days. 
After receiving your "Pending" stock, you need to maintain your average asset balance of $100 or more for 60 days to unlock the "$100 Deposit Bonus" stock, and maintain your average asset balance of $1,000 or more for 60 days to unlock the "$1,000 Deposit Bonus" stock.
After you successfully unlock your "Pending" stock, we will add it to your positions within five business days. You will be able to trade your free stock once we add it to your positions.
If you didn't receive your free stock rewards within five business days after you drew them, please do not hesitate to contact our customer service staff.
5. Do I have to make my deposits during the promotion period to qualify for the bonuses? 
Yes. Deposits must be made during the promotion period. You will not receive the bonuses until your deposits are credited to your account and your average asset balance meets the promotion criteria.
6. Where can I claim my previous rewards?
If you had opened an account and deposited funds before this promotion but did not claim your rewards in time, please contact our customer service about how to claim your previous rewards.
7. Do I have to make a lump-sum deposit to meet the deposit criteria and get my bonus?
No. You can make deposits in any amount each time. If you successfully make an initial deposit during the promotion period and your average asset balance meets the promotion criteria, you will be eligible for the bonus.
8. How many times can I participate in the promotion?
Each client can participate in the promotional event only once and get one set of account opening bonuses and deposit bonuses.
Each device can be only entitled to one set of account opening bonuses and deposit bonuses. Other accounts on this device will no longer be able to receive the reward.
After claiming your account opening bonuses and deposit bonuses, you can continue to participate in other promotional events to get free stocks. Please check the "Promotions" for more details.
Do not use the virtual machine to participate in any abc promotional events to receive rewards, this will cause you to be unavailable to claim any bonuses.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. This program is open to U.S. residents, who are at least 18 years of age with a valid Social Security Number. Employees, contractors, or persons similarly associated with abc Financial Inc. or a abc Financial Inc. affiliate, members of their household and employees of any securities regulatory organization or exchange are not eligible for this program.
2. The rewards in this program are offered by abc Financial Inc.. abc Technologies Inc. and abc Financial Inc. are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Futu Holdings Ltd. The abc App is 
a trading platform offered by abc Technologies Inc.. Securities products available through the abc App are offered by abc Financial Inc., a broker-dealer registered with the SEC. abc Financial Inc. is a member of FINRA and SIPC. For further information about abc Financial Inc., see FINRA BrokerCheck. For further information about SIPC insurance coverage for accounts at abc Financial Inc., see www.sipc.org or request an explanatory brochure from abc Financial Inc.
3. This offer is limited to one reward per new account, with no more than one account enrolled per person. You must have an active brokerage account with abc Financial Inc. to receive the promotional bonus stock(s).
4. Neither receipt of a share of stock through this program nor identification of a particular security in communications related to this program constitutes a solicitation of the security or a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold the security. abc Technologies Inc. and abc Financial Inc. do not provide investment advice and does not hereby recommend any security or transaction.
5. Customers may hold or sell awarded stocks once credited to their accounts. The value from sale of the stock can be withdrawn or used to buy other eligible securities in the account.
6. At its discretion, abc Financial Inc. reserves the right to adjust the incentive program parameters.
7. You can only register one trading account with us. If your abc account shows signs of fraud, abuse, or suspicious activity, e.g., using multiple accounts, abc may, in its sole discretion, forfeit your stock rewards and limit your chance to participate in future promotions.
8. Each device, regardless mobile or computer, can be only entitled to one set of account opening bonus and deposit bonus.
9. abc Financial Inc. and abc Technologies Inc. reserve the right to terminate the incentive program at any time without notice. Other restrictions may apply and will be posted on the abc App/website prior to effectiveness.
10. Consult with your tax advisor about the appropriate tax treatment for this offer and any tax implications associated with receipt of a stock bonus before enrolling. For taxable accounts, the value of all abc Financial Inc. offers received may be reported as Other Income on a Form 
1099-MISC where required by applicable rules and regulations. abc Financial Inc. and abc Technologies Inc. do not take responsibility for any tax-related to this promotion.
11. Translations from English are provided for convenience only. In case of any ambiguity or dispute over the terms or rules of this promotion, the terms and conditions of the English language version will control.
12.    ALL TERMS AND AGREEMENTS OF abc FINANCIAL INC. AND abc TECHNOLOGIES INC. ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED INTO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING AND NOT LIMITED TO THEIR ARBITRATION AND CLASS-ACTION WAIVER PROVISIONS. The customer agreement for abc Financial Inc. is available at abc Financial Inc. CUSTOMER AGREEMENT.
These terms contain a pre-dispute arbitration clause and class action waiver. You agree to the following: 
All parties to this Agreement are giving up their right to sue each other in court. including the right to jury trial, except as provided by the rules of the arbitration forum in which a claim is filed. 
Arbitration awards are generally final and binding; a party’s ability to have a court reverse or modify an arbitration award is very limited. 
The ability of the parties to obtain documents, witness statements, and other discovery is generally more limited in arbitration than in court proceedings. 
The arbitrators do not have to explain the reason(s) for their award unless, in an eligible case, a joint request for an explained decision has been submitted by all parties to the panel at least 20 days prior to the first scheduled hearing date. 
The panel of arbitrators may include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with the securities industry. 
The rules of some arbitration forums may impose time limits for bringing a claim in arbitration. In some cases, a claim that is ineligible for arbitration may be brought in court. 
The rules of the arbitration forum in which the claim is filed, and any amendments thereto, shall be incorporated into this Agreement. 
No person will bring a putative or certified class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any predispute arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a putative class action; or who is a member of a putative class who has not opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the putative class action until: (1) the class certification is denied; (2) the class is decertified; or (3) the client is excluded from the class by the court. Such forbearance to 
enforce an agreement to arbitrate will not constitute a waiver of any rights under this Agreement except to the extent stated herein. I agree that any controversy between you and your affiliates, any of their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents and me (including any of my officers, directors, employees, or agents) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, our relationship, any Brokerage Services provided by you, or the use of the App or your website, and whether arising before or after the date of this Agreement, shall be arbitrated and conducted under the provisions of the 
Code of Arbitration of the FINRA. If any party unsuccessfully resists confirmation or enforcement of an arbitration award rendered under this Agreement, then that party shall pay all costs, attorneys’ fees, and expenses incurred by the other party or parties in confirming or enforcing the award. Arbitration must be initiated by service upon the other party of a written demand for arbitration or notice of intention to arbitrate. Judgment, upon any award rendered by the arbitrator, may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
This presentation is for informational and educational use only and is not a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy. Investment information provided in this content is general in nature, strictly for illustrative purposes, and may not be appropriate for all investors.  It is provided without respect to individual investors’ financial sophistication, 
financial situation, investment objectives, investing time horizon, or risk tolerance. You should consider the appropriateness of this information having regard to your relevant personal circumstances before making any investment decisions. Past investment performance does not indicate 
or guarantee future success. Returns will vary, and all investments carry risks, including loss of principal. abc makes no representation or warranty as to its adequacy, completeness, accuracy or timeliness for any particular purpose of the above content.
Helpful？
Trading days: 8:30 - 16:30 ET
The abc app is an online trading platform offered by abc Technologies Inc. Securities, brokerage products and related services available through the abc app are offered by including but not limited to the following brokerage firms: abc Financial Inc. regulated by the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC), abc Financial Singapore Pte. Ltd. regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), Futu Securities International (Hong Kong) Limited regulated by the 
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (SFC) and Futu Securities (Australia) Ltd regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC).
For further information about abc Financial Inc., please visit Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)’s BrokerCheck. Brokerage accounts with abc Financial Inc. are protected by the 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC).  abc Financial Inc. is a member of Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash). It is important to understand that SIPC protects 
customer accounts against losses caused by the financial failure of the broker-dealer, but not against an increase or decrease in the market value of securities in customers' accounts. SIPC does not protect against market risk, which is the risk inherent in a fluctuating market. For further information about SIPC insurance coverage for accounts with abc Financial Inc., see www.sipc.org or request an explanatory brochure from abc Financial Inc.
Investments in stocks, options, ETFs and other instruments are subject to risks, including possible loss of the amount invested. The value of investments may fluctuate and as a result, clients may lose the value of their investment. Past performance should not be viewed as an indicator of future results.
Margin trading involves interest charges and heightened risks, including the potential to lose more than invested funds or the need to deposit additional collateral. Before trading on margin, customers are advised to determine whether this type of trading is appropriate for them in light of their respective investment objective, experience, risk tolerance and financial situation.
Free trading refers to $0 commissions for abc Financial Inc. self-directed individual cash or margin brokerage accounts of U.S. residents that trade U.S. listed securities via mobile devices or Web. Relevant SEC & FINRA fees may apply. For details, please see Commission and Fees.
All types of investments are risky and investors may suffer losses. Past performance of investment products does not guarantee future results. Electronic trading also poses risks to investors. The responsiveness of the trading system may vary due to market conditions, system performance, and other factors. Account access and trade execution may be affected by factors such as market volatility.
No content on the website shall be considered as a recommendation or solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities, futures, or other financial products. All information and data on the website are for reference only and no historical data shall be considered as the basis for predicting future trends.
Information contained on this website is general in nature and has been prepared without any consideration of customers’ investment objectives, financial situations or needs. Customers should consider the appropriateness of the information having regard to their personal circumstances before making any investment decisions.
Investment products are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or guaranteed by a bank, and may decline in value.
The services and products offered on the website are subject to applicable laws and regulations, as well as relevant service terms and policies. The services and products are not available to all customers or in all geographic areas or in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful for us to offer such services and products.
Licensed Entities*
abc Financial Inc.
A broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (CRD: 283078/SEC: 8-69739), and a member in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC).
Futu Clearing Inc.
A broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (CRD: 298769/SEC: 8-70215), a member in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), as well as a member of Depository Trust Company (DTC), a member of National Securities Clearing Corporation (NSCC) and the Options Clearing Corporation (OCC).
Futu Wealth Advisors Inc.
An investment advisor registered with and regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (CRD: 310790/SEC: 801-119635).
Futu Futures Inc.
A licensed entity registered with the National Futures Association (NFA) (NFA ID: 0523957) and regulated by the National Futures Association (NFA) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC).
abc Financial Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), abc SG is a Capital Markets Services Licence (Licence No. CMS101000) holder with the Exempt Financial Adviser Status. abc SG has been admitted as Clearing Member of The Central Depository (Pte) Ltd (CDP) , Trading Member of Singapore 
Exchange Securities Trading Limited (“SGX-ST”), Trading and Clearing Member of Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited (“SGX-DT”), and Depository Agent of CDP.
Futu Trustee (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
A Singapore trust company licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to carry on trust business and services (Licence Number: No.TC000074).
Futu Securities (Australia) Ltd
A securities dealer registered with and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). Futu AU holds the Australian Financial Services Licence (Licence No. 224663).
*Information of the licensed entities listed above is only for the purpose of demonstrating the qualifications and licences of part of the licensed entities providing securities services on the abc app.
Copyright © 2022 abc Technologies Inc. All Rights Reserved.